Where's my wife?
Hahahaha
You're too busy taking care of yourself.
There is still time to care about your elders
What are you busy with, dumplings?
Then it depends on your kindness if you don't have this ability.
Xiaolang
You repeatedly humiliated my personnel
Stop us from controlling others
I really thought I couldn't handle you
Nice
You not only have to die
Even being poor doesn't have a good end
Next time.
You think that's all I have?
I know your methods may not be sincere
So what do you use?
It's nothing more than threatening me with a finger
It's that simple.
I'm not finished yet.
It is controlled by this palace
Come against me today and they support you
How could you possibly know?